chore(guidelines): update the section on error messages (#13345)
aws/aws-cdk: DESIGN_GUIDELINES.md

*require* DNS support, so only fail if the user enabled DNS hostnames but
explicitly disabled DNS support. Otherwise, auto-enable DNS support for them.

#### Error reporting mechanism

There are three mechanism you can use to report errors:

* Eagerly throw an exception (fails synthesis)
* Attach a (lazy) validator to a construct (fails synthesis)

> * Attach errors to a construct (fails deployment)

Author: Which error are you talking about?

And if synthesis fails, deployment cannot even proceed so I though it was pointless to put it here. But granted, what's written here might not be clear enough if you're not too intimately familiar with the lifecycle. I was trying to be terse but I may be erroring...

> * Attach errors to a construct (fails deployment)

Reviewer: I am talking about errors that are attached to constructs. Those errors will fail the CLI synth (and deploy of course) but will not fail the app initialization and synthesis.

Between these, the first two fail synthesis, while the latter doesn't. Failing synthesis
means that no Cloud Assembly will be produced.

The distinction becomes apparent when you consider multiple stacks in the same Cloud
Assembly:

* If synthesis fails due to an error in *one* stack (either by throwing an exception
  or by failing validation), the other stack can also not be deployed.
* In contrast, if you attach an error to a construct in one stack, that stack cannot
  be deployed but the other one still can.

Choose one of the first two methods if the failure is caused by a misuse of the API,
which the user should be alerted to and fix as quickly as possible. Choose attaching
an error to a construct if the failure is due to environmental factors outside the
direct use of the API surface (for example, lack of context provider lookup values).

#### Throwing exceptions

This should be the preferred error reporting method.

Validate input as early as it is passed into your code (ctor, methods,

> etc) and bail out by throwing an **Error**. No need to create subclasses of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
etc) and bail out by throwing an `Error`. No need to create subclasses of
```

Error since all errors in the CDK are unrecoverable.

> 

Reviewer: Example?

#### Never Catch Exceptions

All CDK errors are unrecoverable. If a method wishes to signal a recoverable
error, this should be modeled in a return value and not through exceptions.

#### Attaching (lazy) Validators

In the rare case where the integrity of your construct can only be checked

> right before synthesis, call the **this.node.addValidation()** method to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only after the app had completed its initialization, call the **this.node.addValidation()** method to add
```

a validation object. This will generally only be necessary if you want to
produce an error when a certain interaction with your construct--for example,
a method call--did *not* happen.

Always prefer early input validation over post-validation, as the necessity
of these should be rare.

> 

Reviewer: Example
